(docs) update /clerk guide (#62)
get-convex/convex-backend: npm-packages/docs/docs/auth/clerk.mdx

    Create a `middleware.ts` file.

    In your `middleware.ts` file, export the `clerkMiddleware()` helper:

    ```tsx {{ filename: 'middleware.ts' }}
    import { clerkMiddleware } from '@clerk/nextjs/server'

    export default clerkMiddleware()

    export const config = {
      matcher: [
        // Skip Next.js internals and all static files, unless found in search params
        '/((?!_next|[^?]*\\.(?:html?|css|js(?!on)|jpe?g|webp|png|gif|svg|ttf|woff2?|ico|csv|docx?|xlsx?|zip|webmanifest)).*)',
        // Always run for API routes
        '/(api|trpc)(.*)',
      ],
    }
    ```

    By default, `clerkMiddleware()` will not protect any routes. All routes are public and you must opt-in to protection for routes. See the [`clerkMiddleware()` reference](/docs/references/nextjs/clerk-middleware) to learn how to require authentication for specific routes.
  </Step>
  <Step title="Configure ConvexProviderWithClerk">
    Both Clerk and Convex have provider components that are required to provide authentication and client context.

    Typically, you'd replace `<ConvexProvider>` with `<ConvexProviderWithClerk>`, but with Next.js App Router, things are a bit more complex.

>     `<ConvexProviderWithClerk>` must be a Client Component. Your `app/layout.tsx` where you would import `<ConvexProviderWithClerk>` is a Server Component, and a Server Component cannot contain a Client Component. To solve this, you must first create a _wrapper_ Client Component around `<ConvexProviderWithClerk>`.

Author: ```suggestion
    `<ConvexProviderWithClerk>` calls `ConvexReactClient()` to get Convex's client, so it must be used in a Client Component. Your `app/layout.tsx`, where you would use `<ConvexProviderWithClerk>`, is a Server Component, and a Server Component cannot contain Client Component code. To solve this, you must first create a _wrapper_ Client Component around `<ConvexProviderWithClerk>`.
```
